Your Majesty, you misunderstood the prince
This woman took the wrong medicine
I misunderstood that you actually spoke for him
Even if I give up the throne
I also want to keep my people safe
Is it possible to do such a reckless thing?
Although the emperor's crown prince sent only 3,000 troops
But armed with sophisticated missiles
Destroy 100,000 elite soldiers
And now it has broken through amazing land
Lianfan wins
The flag I raised
It's almost plugged into the amazing imperial capital
There is such a good thing
Yes, exactly.
And not only that.
You have a high fever
The hospital is helpless
To enable His Royal Highness to develop antibiotics
Successfully pulled you back from the gate of hell
Father was excited just now
It's not that I'm getting old to match you.
This country is no longer up to me
Children and grandchildren are terrified
That's all.
Get up get up
I've been sitting in the country for long enough
It's time to let go
I still want to live a few more years
Xiu'er's son is here
If you sit in the position of the emperor
What will you do in the next 10 years?
But to build a navy
Not only to recover all junior brothers
Expand outward
flatten the world
Let my Chinese blood be everywhere